Revision en docs (#1323)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/in-person-payments/qr-code/integration-test.en.md

## How to test your integration?

> Test users allow you to test the integration of your system with Mercado Pago without using real money.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test users allow you to test your system's integration with Mercado Pago without using actual money.
```

### 1. With your seller user, assign an order to a Point of Sale. 

> To test *attended model*, generate an order with the test user [credentials]([FAKER][CREDENTIALS][URL]) you want as seller and send an order to the QR code previously created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test *attended model*, it is necessary to generate an order with the test user [credentials]([FAKER][CREDENTIALS][URL]) you want as seller and send an order to the QR code previously created.
```

### 3. Receive order notifications

> Lastly, make sure you’ve received a status notification in your system. And you’re done!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, make sure you’ve received a status notification in your system. And it's done!
```
